Add project specific standard to README (#31)
thefuntasty/android-project-template: README.md

- ~~dev - login: `a@a.com`, password: `hesloheslo`~~

### Security standard

> This project is using ~~Standard, High, Highest~~ security standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project complies with ~~Standard (F0), High (F1), Highest (F2)~~ security standard.

```
